# Slack Supplemental Terms

## Legal navigation

Additional  Terms  PagesClose Legal Navigation

### Getting started

  * [Overview](https://slack.com/policies)

### Terms

Terms

  * [Main Services Agreement](https://slack.com/main-services-agreement)
  * [User Terms of Service](https://slack.com/terms-of-service/user)
  * [Slack Supplemental Terms](/slack-supplemental-terms)
  * [API Terms of Service](https://slack.com/terms-of-service/api)
  * [Slack Marketplace Agreement](https://slack.com/terms-of-service/app-directory)
  * [Slack Partner Program Terms & Conditions](https://slack.com/terms-of-service/partners)
  * [Slack Developer Program Agreement](https://slack.com/terms-of-service/slack-developer-program)
  * [Slack Brand Terms of Service](https://slack.com/terms-of-service/slack-brand)

### Policies

Policies

  * [Acceptable Use Policy](https://slack.com/acceptable-use-policy)
  * [Slack Subprocessors](/slack-subprocessors)
  * [Slack Affiliates](https://slack.com/affiliates)
  * [DMCA Policy](https://www.salesforce.com/company/legal/intellectual/)
  * [Multi-year Accessibility Plan](https://slack.com/accessibility-plan)

### Security

Security

  * [Security Practices](https://slack.com/security-practices)
  * [Report a Vulnerability](https://slack.com/report-vulnerability)

### Slack Community

Slack Community

  * [Slack Community Forum Terms of Service](https://slack.com/terms-of-service/community)

### Archives

Archives

  * [Terms & Policy Archives](https://slack.com/policy-archives)

 **Last Updated: April 17, 2024**

The Salesforce [Main Services Agreement](/main-services-agreement) (“ **MSA**
”) and these Slack Supplemental Terms (“ **Supplemental Terms** ”) are legally
binding and govern your acquisition and use of Slack. These Supplemental Terms
apply in addition to the MSA and form an integral part of the MSA (together,
the MSA and Supplemental Terms are the “ **Slack Terms** ”). Capitalized terms
used but not defined in these Supplemental Terms have the meanings given to
them in the MSA. “ **SFDC** ” means the applicable Salesforce entity, as
defined in the MSA, except as modified herein for online orders of Slack
Services. Additional information related to the Slack Services may be found in
the Documentation at <https://sfdc.co/ptd>. For the avoidance of doubt, the
MSA takes precedence over the Documentation.

## Search Optimization Authorization

SFDC may access Customer Data in Slack for the following reasons, and Customer
instructs SFDC to process its Customer Data for such purposes:

  1. to train models for use by the services and features that Customer has access to;
  2. to improve services and features that Customer has access to;
  3. to conduct research and development of products that Customer will have access to without additional cost;
  4. as otherwise provided in the MSA between SFDC and Customer.

Customer retains all ownership of its Customer Data and SFDC retains all
ownership in and to aggregated machine learning results.

For more information about our practices, including instructions on how to opt
out, visit our [Privacy Principles](/trust/data-management/privacy-principles)
page.

## Publicity

Customer grants SFDC the right to use Customer’s company name and logo as a
reference for marketing or promotional purposes on SFDC’s websites and in
other public or private communications with existing or potential Slack
customers, subject to Customer’s standard trademark usage guidelines as
provided to SFDC from time-to-time.

## SFDC Contracting Entity, Notices, Governing Law, and Venue

For an online order of Slack Services (a Slack plan purchased via the Slack
website), the following applies in place of the SFDC Contracting Entity,
Notices, Governing Law, and Venue sections in the MSA:

The SFDC entity entering into the Slack Terms, the address to which Customer
should direct notices under the Slack Terms, the law that will apply in any
dispute or lawsuit arising out of or in connection with the Slack Terms, and
the courts that have jurisdiction over any such dispute or lawsuit, depend on
where Customer is domiciled.

 **Domicile**

|

 **SFDC Entity**

|

 **Notices should be addressed to:**

|

 **Governing Law**

|

 **Venue**  
  
---|---|---|---|---  
  
United States and Canada

|

Slack Technologies, LLC

|

Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, attn: VP,
Worldwide Sales Operations, with a copy to attn: General Counsel

|

California

|

San Francisco County, California  
  
Rest of World (Except Japan)

|

Slack Technologies Limited

|

Salesforce Tower, 60 R801, North Dock, Dublin, Ireland, attn: VP, Sales
Operations, with a copy to attn.: Legal Department

|

England

|

London, England  
  
Japan

|

Slack Technologies Limited

|

Salesforce Tower, Nippon Life Marunouchi Garden Tower, Marunouchi 1-1-3,
Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, 100-0005 Japan, attn: Senior Director, Japan Sales
Operations, with a copy to attn: General Counsel

|

Japan

|

Tokyo, Japan  
  
## Changes to Terms

We may make changes to these Supplemental Terms from time to time. If we make
a material change to these Supplemental Terms, we will provide Customer with
reasonable notice prior to the change taking effect. Customer understands and
agrees that use of the Slack Services after the date on which these
Supplemental Terms have changed will constitute acceptance of the updated
Supplemental Terms.

esc

