## Master Cloud Agreement

Any translated versions of the Agreement in a language other than English are
provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any conflict or discrepancy
between any translated version of the Agreement and the English language
version, [the English language version](https://miro.com/legal/master-cloud-
agreement/) shall prevail.

Any translated versions of the Agreement in a language other than English are
provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any conflict or discrepancy
between any translated version of the Agreement and the English language
version, [the English language version](https://miro.com/legal/master-cloud-
agreement/) shall prevail.

Any translated versions of the Agreement in a language other than English are
provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any conflict or discrepancy
between any translated version of the Agreement and the English language
version, [the English language version](https://miro.com/legal/master-cloud-
agreement/) shall prevail.

This is the standard cloud agreement applicable to Miro’s Enterprise Plan
users. Miro requires a signed Order Form for Enterprise Plan purchases. For
Orders executed prior to February 1, 2024, please refer to the [Prior Master
Cloud Agreement "MCA" Versions](https://miro.com/legal/prior-master-cloud-
agreement-mca-versions/).

Please contact [sales@miro.com](mailto:sales@miro.com) for details.

This is the standard cloud agreement applicable to Miro’s Enterprise Plan
users. Miro requires a signed Order Form for Enterprise Plan purchases. For
Orders executed prior to February 1, 2024, please refer to the [Prior Master
Cloud Agreement "MCA" Versions](https://miro.com/legal/prior-master-cloud-
agreement-mca-versions/).

Please contact [sales@miro.com](mailto:sales@miro.com) for details.

This is the standard cloud agreement applicable to Miro’s Enterprise Plan
users. Miro requires a signed Order Form for Enterprise Plan purchases. For
Orders executed prior to February 1, 2024, please refer to the [Prior Master
Cloud Agreement "MCA" Versions](https://miro.com/legal/prior-master-cloud-
agreement-mca-versions/).

Please contact [sales@miro.com](mailto:sales@miro.com) for details.

Publication date: February 1, 2024

This Master Cloud Agreement (“ **MCA** ”) is between RealtimeBoard Inc. dba
Miro, or the Miro Affiliate identified in an Order (“ **Miro** ”) and the
customer identified below (“ **Customer** ”) and applies to all Orders entered
into with Customer. This MCA is effective upon the date of last execution by
the parties (“ **Effective Date ").** Certain capitalized terms are defined in
Section 18 (Definitions) and others are defined contextually in this
Agreement.

###  **1\. Overview**.

Miro offers a unique SaaS Service for visual collaboration that is designed to
allow Users to create, collaborate and centralize communication through an
interactive visual workspace for innovation.

###  **2\. The SaaS Service**.

2.1. _Permitted Use_. Miro grants to Customer a worldwide, non-transferable,
non-exclusive, non-sublicensable right to access and use the SaaS Service
during the Subscription Term only for Customer’s internal business purposes
and in accordance with the Documentation, the Order and this Agreement.

2.2. _Orders_ : Customer may from time to time request Miro to supply the SaaS
Service for a specified number of Users and duration and any Technical Service
as agreed by the parties in an Order. An Affiliate of Customer may also enter
its own Order(s) under the terms of this Agreement.

2.3. _Users_. Only Users may access and use the SaaS Service, and Customer
maintains sole control over (i) Customer Content, (ii) its Users’ access and
use of the SaaS Service in compliance with this Agreement, and actions taken
through their Users’ accounts (excluding misuse of accounts caused by Miro’s
breach of this Agreement), and (iii) the use and confidentiality of its Users’
logon credentials to the SaaS Service. Each party will promptly notify the
other party if it becomes aware of any compromise of any logon credentials.

2.4. _Administrators_. Customer may designate individual User(s) as
administrator(s) with certain rights of control and management over Customer’s
SaaS Service account, including management of Users and Customer Content, as
described in the Documentation.

2.5. _Access to Third Party Boards_. Customer acknowledges that to the extent
its Users are invited to access a third-party’s Board, any access to that
Board as well as any content the User submits will be under the sole control
of that other customer.

2.6. _Sharing Settings_. Customer controls Board sharing settings, as
described in the Documentation. Miro has no liability for how others may
access or use Customer Content as a result of Customer’s or its Users’
decision to share a Board.

2.7. _Restrictions_. Except as expressly authorized in this Section 2 **,**
Customer will not, and will not permit its Users to: (a) provide access to,
distribute, sell or sublicense the Services to a third party, (b) use the
Services on behalf of, or to provide any product or service to, third parties,
(c) use the Services to develop a similar or competing product or service, (d)
scrape, data mine, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or seek to access
the source code or non-public APIs to or unauthorized data from the Services,
except to the extent expressly permitted by Law (and then only with prior
notice to Miro), (e) modify or create derivative works of the Services or copy
any element of the Services (other than authorized copies of the Software),
(f) remove or obscure any proprietary notices in the Services or otherwise
misrepresent the source of ownership of the Services, (g) publish benchmarks
or performance information about the Services or facilitate third parties to
compile benchmarks or performance measurements about any Services, (h)
interfere with the Services operation, circumvent its access restrictions or
conduct any security or vulnerability tests of the Services, (i) transmit any
viruses or other harmful materials to the Services, (j) allow individuals to
share User logon credentials, (k) engage in any fraudulent, misleading,
illegal, or unethical activities using or related to the Services or (l) use
the Services to store or transmit material which contains illegal content.

### **3\. SLA and Support**.

During the Subscription Term the SaaS Service will be subject to the
[SLA](https://miro.com/static/legal/Miro-Service-Level-Agreement.pdf). Miro
will provide Customer with Support in accordance with the Support Policy.

###  **4\. Customer Content**.

4.1. _Data Use_. Customer grants Miro the non-exclusive, worldwide, limited
right to use, copy, store, transmit, and display Customer Content and to
modify and create derivative works of Customer Content (e.g. for technical
purposes such as reformatting for display on various types of devices), but
only as necessary to provide Services under this Agreement.

4.2. _Security_. Miro uses reasonable technical and organizational measures
designed to protect the SaaS Service and Customer Content as described in the
Security Policy. Miro will maintain commercially reasonable standards and
controls designed to detect and prevent the introduction of viruses, malware,
Trojan horses, and other code intended to do harm.

4.3. _Personal Data_. Where Miro acts as a processor, each party agrees to
comply with its respective obligations under the DPA. Additionally, where Miro
acts as a controller, Miro uses Usage Data and User account information as
described in its Privacy Policy.

4.4. _Data Export_. **** During the Subscription Term or within 30 days
thereafter (the “Data Export Period”), Customer may export its Customer
Content using the export features described in the Documentation. If Customer
elects to proactively delete its account at any time, all associated Customer
Content held on that account will be deleted permanently in accordance with
Miro’s standard schedules and procedures.

### **5\. Customer Obligations**.

5.1. _Responsibility for Customer Content_. Customer is responsible for its
Customer Content, including its content and accuracy, and agrees that its use
of the Services and all Customer Content will comply with all Laws. Customer
represents and warrants that it has made all disclosures and has all rights,
consents, and permissions necessary or legally required to use its Customer
Content with the Services and grant Miro the rights in Section 4.1 (Data Use),
all without violating or infringing Laws, third-party rights (including
intellectual property, confidentiality, publicity, or privacy rights) or any
terms or privacy policies that apply to the Customer Content.

5.2. _Prohibited Uses_. Customer may not use the Services with Prohibited Data
or for High-Risk Activities. Customer acknowledges that the Services are not
intended to meet any legal obligations for these uses, including HIPAA
requirements, and that Miro is not a Business Associate as defined under
HIPAA. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, Miro has no liability
for Prohibited Data or use of the Services for High-Risk Activities.

###  **6\. Suspension of Service**.

Miro may suspend Customer or a User’s access to and use of all or any part of
the Services if (a) Customer fails to pay any undisputed fee(s) within 10 days
of receiving notice of non-payment; or (b) Miro reasonably believes Customer
is in breach of Section 2 (The SaaS Service) or Section 5 (Customer
Obligations), and/or its actions risk harm to other customers or the security,
availability or integrity of any of the Services. Where practicable, Miro will
use reasonable efforts to provide Customer with prior notice of the
suspension. Once Customer resolves the issue leading to suspension, Miro will
promptly restore Customer’s or User’s access to the relevant Services in
accordance with this Agreement.

###  **7\. Integration with Third-Party Platforms**.

Miro allows integrations with Third Party Platforms. If Customer elects to use
Third-Party Platforms with the Services, (a) such use of Third-Party Platforms
is not subject to the terms of this Agreement, (b) Customer acknowledges that
Miro does not control and has no liability for Third-Party Platforms,
including their security, functionality, operation, availability or
interoperability or how the Third-Party Platforms use Customer Content, and
(c) Customer gives Miro the right to access and exchange Customer Content with
the Third-Party Platform in relation to Customer’s use of the Service.
Customer shall not use integration with Third-Party Platforms to circumvent
any restrictions under this Agreement.

###  **8\. Technical Services**.

Any purchased Technical Services are as described in the relevant Order.
Customer will give Miro timely access to Customer Materials reasonably needed
for the Technical Services, and if Customer fails to do so, Miro’s obligation
to provide Technical Services will be excused to the extent such lack of
access prevents Miro from providing the Technical Services. Miro will use
Customer Materials only for purposes of providing Technical Services. Any
Technical Services deliverables relate to the configuration and/or use of the
SaaS Service and do not constitute “work for hire.”

### **9\. Commercial Terms**.

9.1. _Subscription Term_. Each Subscription Term will be set forth in the
Order.

9.2. _Fees and Taxes_. Fees are invoiced as described in the Order. If
Customer has a good faith dispute of an invoice (or any portion thereof), it
shall provide Miro by the invoice due date with (a) written notice, (b)
reasonable detail of the basis of such dispute, and (c) payment of the
undisputed portion of the invoice. The parties shall cooperate in good faith
to resolve such disputes. Unless the Order provides otherwise, all fees are
due within 30 days of the invoice date. Miro reserves the right to charge a
late payment interest fee up to 1.5% per month or the maximum amount allowed
by Law, whichever is less. All fees are non-refundable except as set out in
Section 10.2 (Warranty Remedy), Section 14.4 (Mitigation and Exceptions) and
the SLA. If Customer requires that Miro use a third-party payment processor
(e.g. Ariba, Stripe, etc.) for invoicing and payment hereunder, Customer shall
be responsible for any fees and charges associated with such use (including
registration, participation, and payment processing) and Customer shall
reimburse Miro for any such fees and charges set forth in an invoice. Fees are
exclusive of all Taxes. Customer is responsible for any sales, use, goods and
services, value-added, withholding or similar taxes or levies that apply to
its Orders, whether domestic or foreign (“ **Taxes** ”), other than Miro’s
income tax. If Customer is exempt from Taxes, then Customer shall provide a
valid exemption certificate to Miro upon execution of the applicable Order.

9.3. _Reseller Specific Terms_. To the extent Customer uses a Reseller in
order to access and use any Services pursuant to this Agreement, the following
terms will apply:

(a) Customer will pay applicable fees to Reseller, not Miro, as agreed between
Customer and Reseller. If Customer is entitled to a refund under this
Agreement, Miro will refund any fees to Reseller, and Reseller will be solely
responsible for refunding any amounts to Customer, unless otherwise specified.
For purposes of any liability caps in this Agreement, such cap amounts will be
calculated based on the amounts paid or payable to Miro by Reseller, not by
Customer; and

(b) Reseller is not a party to this Agreement and is not authorized to modify
this Agreement or make any promises or commitments on Miro’s behalf. Miro is
not bound by any obligations to Customer other than those in this Agreement.
Miro is not party to (or responsible under) any separate agreement between
Customer and Reseller. Miro is not responsible for Reseller’s acts, omissions,
products, or services.

###  **10\. Warranties and Disclaimers**.

10.1. _Limited Warranty_. Miro warrants to Customer that:

(a) The SaaS Service will perform materially as described in the
[Documentation](https://help.miro.com/hc/en-
us?flash_digest=bfda2c343061082eb1856eccce466eabf0618fcf) and Miro will not
materially decrease the overall functionality during the Subscription Term
(the “Performance Warranty”), and

(b) It will perform any Technical Services in a professional and workmanlike
manner with reasonable skill and care (the “Technical Services Warranty”).

10.2. _Warranty Remedy_. If Miro breaches Section 10.1 (Limited Warranty) and
Customer makes a reasonably detailed written warranty claim within 30 days of
discovering the issue, then Miro will use reasonable efforts to correct the
non-conformity. If Miro’s reasonable efforts fail to remedy the breach of
warranty within 60 days of Customer’s warranty claim, either party may
terminate any affected Order as relates to the non-conforming SaaS Service or
Technical Services. Miro will then refund to Customer any pre-paid, unused
fees for the terminated portion of the Subscription Term (for the Performance
Warranty) or for the non-conforming Technical Services (for the Technical
Services Warranty). These procedures are Customer’s exclusive remedy and
Miro’s entire liability for breach of the warranties in Section 10.1. These
warranties do not apply to (a) issues caused by misuse or unauthorized
modifications, (b) issues in or caused by Third-Party Platforms or other
third-party systems or (c) Trials and Betas or other free or evaluation use.

10.3. ******_Disclaimers_**. **Except as expressly provided in Section 10.1
(Limited Warranty), the Services are provided “AS IS.” Miro and its suppliers
make no other commitments, assurances, warranties, whether express, implied,
statutory, or otherwise, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for
a particular purpose, title or noninfringement**. **Without limiting its
express obligations in Sections 3 (SLA and Support) and 4.2 (Security), Miro
does not warrant that Customer’s use of the Services will be uninterrupted or
error-free or that the Services will meet Customer’s requirements, operate in
combination with third-party services used by Customer or maintain Customer
Content without loss**. **Miro is not liable for delays, failures, or problems
inherent in use of the Internet and electronic communications or other systems
outside Miro’s control.**

###  **11\. Term and Termination**.

11.1. _Term_. This Agreement starts on the Effective Date and shall continue
to apply until all Orders have expired or been terminated in accordance with
this Agreement.

11.2. _Termination_. Either party may terminate this Agreement (including all
Orders) if the other party (a) fails to cure a material breach of this
Agreement (including a failure to pay undisputed fees) within 30 days after
notice, (b) ceases operation without a successor or (c) seeks protection under
a bankruptcy, receivership, trust deed, creditors’ arrangement, composition or
comparable proceeding, or if such a proceeding is instituted against that
party and not dismissed within 60 days.

11.3. _Effect of Termination_. Upon expiration or termination of (a) this
Agreement, Customer’s access to Services will cease; and (b) any Order, then
Customer’s access to the Services provided for under that Order will cease, in
each case other than limited use of the SaaS Service to export Customer
Content as described in Section 4.4 (Data Export). At the disclosing party’s
request upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, the receiving party
will delete all of the disclosing party’s Confidential Information, except for
Customer Content, which Miro shall delete in accordance with its standard
schedule and procedures after the Data Export Period. Customer Content and
other Confidential Information may be retained in the receiving party’s
standard backups after deletion but will remain subject to this Agreement’s
confidentiality restrictions.

11.4. _Survival_. These Sections survive expiration or termination of this
Agreement: 2.7 (Restrictions), 4.4 (Data Export), 5 (Customer Obligations),
9.2 (Fees and Taxes), 10.3 (Disclaimers), 11.3 (Effect of Termination), 11.4
(Survival), 12 (Ownership), 13 (Limitations of Liability), 14
(Indemnification), 15 (Confidentiality), 17 (General Terms) and 18
(Definitions). Except where an exclusive remedy is provided, exercising a
remedy under this Agreement, including termination, does not limit other
remedies a party may have.

 **12\. Ownership**. Neither party grants the other any rights or licenses not
expressly set out in this Agreement. Except for Miro’s use rights in this
Agreement, between the parties Customer retains all intellectual property and
other rights in Customer Content and Customer Materials provided to Miro.
Except for Customer’s use rights in this Agreement, Miro and its licensors
retain all intellectual property and other rights in the Services,
deliverables and related Miro technology, templates, formats, and dashboards,
including any modifications or improvements to these items made by Miro. Miro
may generate and use Usage Data to operate, improve, analyze, and support the
Services and for other lawful business purposes, provided Usage Data shall not
contain Customer Content. If Customer provides Miro with feedback or
suggestions (“Feedback”) regarding the Services or other Miro offerings, Miro
may use such Feedback without restriction or obligation, provided Feedback
shall be subject to Section 15 (Confidentiality) and shall not contain
Customer Content or reference Customer as the source.

### **13\. Limitations of Liability**.

13.1. **_Exclusions of Liability_** **. Subject to Section 13.3, neither party
(nor its suppliers) will have any liability arising out of or related to this
Agreement for any loss of use, lost data, lost profits, lost revenues, loss of
goodwill, interruption of business or for any indirect, special, incidental,
reliance, or consequential damages of any kind, even if informed of their
possibility in advance.**

13.2. **_Liability Cap_** **. Subject to Section 13.3, each party’s entire
aggregate liability arising out of or related to this Agreement will not
exceed in the aggregate the amounts paid or payable by Customer to Miro during
the prior 12 months under this Agreement.**

13.3. **_Uncapped Claims_** **. Nothing in Section 13.1 or 13.2 shall be taken
to limit or exclude either party’s liability for (a) breach of Section 2.7
(Restrictions), (b) indemnification obligations in Section 14
(Indemnification), (c) a party’s infringement, misappropriation, or violation
of the other party’s intellectual property rights, (d) willful misconduct or
(e) death, personal injury, or damage to tangible property.**

13.4. **_Nature of Claims and Failure of Essential Purpose_** **. The waivers
and limitations in this Section 13 (Limitation of Liability) apply regardless
of the form of action, whether in contract, tort (including negligence),
strict liability or otherwise and will survive and apply even if any limited
remedy in this Agreement fails of its essential purpose. Notwithstanding the
limitations set forth in this Section 13, there shall be no limit to either
party’s liability arising out of Customer’s payment obligations or liability
which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.**

###  **14\. Indemnification**.

14.1. _Indemnification by Miro_. Miro will (a) defend Customer from and
against any unrelated third-party claim (“Claim”) to the extent alleging that
the Services infringe a third party’s patent, copyright, trademark, or trade
secret, and (b) indemnify and hold harmless Customer against any damages or
costs finally awarded against Customer (including reasonable attorneys’ fees)
or agreed in settlement by Miro resulting from the Claim.

14.2. _Indemnification by Customer_ **.** Customer will (a) defend Miro from
and against any unrelated third-party claim to the extent resulting from
Customer Content, Customer Materials (if applicable), or Customer’s breach or
alleged breach of Section 5 (Customer Obligations), and (b) indemnify and hold
harmless Miro against any damages or costs finally awarded against Miro
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees) or agreed in settlement by Customer
resulting from the Claim.

14.3. _Procedures_ **.** The indemnifying party’s obligations in this Section
14 are subject to receiving (a) prompt notice of the claim, provided, the
right to indemnity shall not be affected by a failure or delay by the
indemnified party in giving notice, unless the rights and remedies of the
indemnifying party have been prejudiced by such delay, (b) the exclusive right
to control and direct the investigation, defense and settlement of the Claim
and (c) all reasonably necessary cooperation of the indemnified party, at the
indemnifying party’s expense for reasonable out-of-pocket costs. The
indemnifying party may not settle any Claim without the indemnified party’s
prior consent if settlement would require the indemnified party to admit fault
or take or refrain from taking any action (other than relating to use of the
Services when Miro is the indemnifying party). The indemnified party may
participate in a Claim with its own counsel at its own expense.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any costs, or expenses (including attorneys’
fees) incurred by the indemnified party prior to giving notice and tendering
the defense to the indemnifying party shall be borne by the indemnified party.

14.4. _Mitigation and Exceptions_. In response to an actual or potential
infringement Claim, if required by settlement or injunction or as Miro
determines necessary to avoid material liability, Miro may at its option: (a)
procure rights for Customer’s continued use of the Services, (b) replace or
modify the allegedly infringing portion of the Services to avoid infringement
without reducing the Service’s overall functionality or (c) terminate the
affected Order and refund to Customer any pre-paid, unused fees for the
terminated portion of the Subscription Term. Miro’s obligations in this
Section 14 do not apply (1) to the extent infringement results from Customer’s
modification of the Service or use of the Service in combination with items
not specified in the Documentation or provided by Miro (including Third-Party
Platforms), (2) to infringement resulting from Software other than the most
recent release provided by Miro (where Customer has been notified about such
recent release), (3) to unauthorized use of the Services, (4) if Customer
settles or makes any admissions about a Claim without Miro’s prior consent,
(5) if Customer continues to use the Services (or any element thereof) after
being notified of allegedly infringing activity or informed of modifications
that would have avoided the alleged infringement or (6) to Trials and Betas or
other free or evaluation. **Sections 14.1 and 14.4 set forth Customer’s
exclusive remedy and Miro’s entire liability regarding infringement of third-
party intellectual property rights.**

###  **15\. Confidentiality**.

15.1. _Definition_. “ **Confidential Information** ” means information
disclosed to the receiving party under this Agreement that is designated by
the disclosing party as proprietary or confidential or that should be
reasonably understood to be proprietary or confidential due to its nature and
the circumstances of its disclosure. Without limiting the foregoing (a) the
terms and conditions of this Agreement and any technical or performance
information about any of the Services shall be treated exclusively as Miro’s
Confidential Information; and (b) Customer Content shall be treated
exclusively as Customer’s Confidential Information.

15.2. _Obligations_. As a receiving party, each party will (a) not disclose
the other party's Confidential Information to third parties except as
permitted in this Agreement, including Section 4.1 (Data Use), and (b) only
use Confidential Information to fulfill its obligations and exercise its
rights in this Agreement. The receiving party may disclose Confidential
Information to its Affiliates, employees, agents, contractors, and other
representatives having a legitimate need to know (including, for Miro, the
subcontractors referenced in Section 17.9), provided it remains responsible
for their compliance with this Section 15, and they are bound to
confidentiality obligations no less protective than this Section 15.

15.3. _Exclusions_. These confidentiality obligations do not apply to
information that the receiving party can document (a) is or becomes public
knowledge through no fault of the receiving party, (b) it rightfully knew or
possessed prior to receipt under this Agreement, (c) it rightfully received
from a third party without breach of confidentiality obligations or (d) it
independently developed without using the disclosing party’s Confidential
Information.

15.4. _Remedies_. Unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information
may cause substantial harm for which damages alone are an insufficient remedy.
Each party may seek appropriate equitable relief, in addition to other
available remedies, for breach or threatened breach of this Section 15.

15.5. _Required Disclosures_. Nothing in this Agreement prohibits either party
from making disclosures, including of Customer Content and other Confidential
Information, if required by Law, subpoena, or court order, provided (if
permitted by Law) it notifies the other party in advance and cooperates in any
effort to obtain confidential treatment.

###  **16\. Trials and Betas**.

If Customer receives access to the Services or Service features on a free or
trial basis or as an alpha, beta, or early access offering (“ **Trials and
Betas** ”), use is permitted only for Customer’s internal evaluation during
the period designated by Miro (or if not designated, 30 days). Trials and
Betas are optional and either party may terminate participation or discontinue
using Trials and Betas at any time for any reason. Trials and Betas may be
inoperable, incomplete, or include features that Miro may add, remove, change,
separately release, or never release. Trials and Betas and their features and
performance metrics comprise Miro Confidential Information. **Notwithstanding
anything else in this Agreement, Miro provides Trials and Betas “AS IS.”**

###  **17\. General Terms**.

17.1. _Assignment_. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, neither
party may assign this Agreement without the prior consent of the other party,
except that either party may assign this Agreement in connection with a
merger, reorganization, acquisition, or other transfer of all or substantially
all its assets or voting securities, with reasonable notice to the other
party. Any non-permitted assignment is void. This Agreement will bind and
inure to the benefit of each party’s permitted successors and assigns.

17.2. _Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue_. Unless otherwise agreed to
herein, this Agreement is governed exclusively by the laws of the State of
California and the United States without regard to conflicts of laws
provisions and without regard to the United Nations Convention on the
International Sale of Goods. The jurisdiction and venue for actions related to
this Agreement will be the state and United States federal courts located in
San Francisco, California and both parties submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction of those courts.

17.3. _Attorneys’ Fees and Costs_. The prevailing party in any action to
enforce this Agreement will be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’
fees and costs in connection with such action.

17.4. _Notices_. Except as set out in this Agreement or unless otherwise
required by applicable laws, any notice or consent under or in connection with
this Agreement must be in writing to the addresses on the first page and will
be deemed given: (a) upon receipt if by personal delivery, (b) upon receipt if
by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested), (c) one day after
dispatch if by a commercial overnight delivery service, or (d) upon receipt if
by email, with proof of delivery and receipt. Either party may update its
address with notice to the other party. All notices to Miro must include a
copy emailed to [legal@miro.com](mailto:legal@miro.com). Non-legal operational
notices will be sent to Customer’s assigned Miro administrator by email or
through the SaaS Service.

17.5. _Entire Agreement_. This Agreement sets out the parties’ entire
agreement regarding its subject matter and supersedes any and all prior and
contemporaneous agreements, promises, assurances and understandings between
the parties (whether written or oral) regarding its subject matter. In the
event of any conflict among the terms of the MCA, Order(s), the DPA and the
Policies, the order of precedence shall be as follows: (a) the Order, (b) the
DPA, (c) the MCA, and (d) the Policies, including any respective exhibits to
the foregoing. Any translated versions of the Agreement in a language other
than English are provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any conflict or
discrepancy between any translated version of the Agreement and the English
language version, the English language version shall prevail. In this
Agreement, headings are for convenience only and “including” and similar terms
are to be construed without limitation. This Agreement may be executed in
counterparts (including electronic copies and PDFs), each of which is deemed
an original and which together form one and the same agreement.

17.6. _Amendments_. Any amendments, modifications or supplements to this
Agreement must be in writing and signed by each party’s authorized
representatives in order to be legally effective or, as appropriate, agreed
through electronic means provided by Miro. Nonetheless, Miro may modify the
Policies to reflect new features or changing practices, provided that such
modifications will not materially decrease Miro’s overall obligations or
Customer’s rights under the relevant Policy. The terms in any past,
contemporaneous or future Customer purchase order, business form or vendor
management portal will not amend or modify this Agreement and are expressly
rejected by Miro; any of these documents are for administrative purposes only
and have no legal effect.

17.7. _Waivers and Severability_. A waiver of any right or remedy must be
signed by the waiving party’s authorized representative in order to be
effective and cannot be implied from conduct and shall not be deemed a waiver
of any subsequent right or remedy. Any delay or failure to exercise any right
of remedy shall not waive that right or remedy. If any provision of this
Agreement is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it will be limited to the
minimum extent necessary so the rest of this Agreement remains valid and in
effect.

17.8. _Force Majeure_. Neither party is liable for any delay or failure to
perform any obligation under this Agreement (except for a failure to pay fees
which shall still be due and payable but may be deferred until payment of fees
is possible following the resolution of the force majeure event) due to events
beyond its reasonable control, such as a strike, blockade, war, act of
terrorism, riot, Internet or utility failures, refusal of government license
or natural disaster.

17.9. _Subcontractors_. Miro may use subcontractors and permit them to
exercise Miro’s rights, but Miro remains responsible for their compliance with
this Agreement and for its overall performance under this Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this does not limit Customer’s rights under the
DPA with respect to sub-processors.

17.10. _Independent Contractors_. The parties are independent contractors, not
agents, partners or joint venturers, and nothing in this Agreement or any
Order entered into pursuant to this Agreement is intended to or shall operate
to create a partnership between the parties or authorize either party to act
as agent for the other.

17.11. _Compliance with Laws_. Each party’s respective provision and use of
the Software and Services shall comply with Laws, including applicable anti-
bribery and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Miro shall comply with
principles outlined in its Code of Conduct available at
<https://miro.com/legal/code-of-conduct/>.

17.12. _Export_. Each party agrees to comply with all relevant U.S. and
foreign export and import control Laws or regulations applicable to its
performance under this Agreement. Each party represents and warrants that (a)
it is not listed on any Sanctions Authority’s list of prohibited or restricted
parties; (b) it is not subject to any sanctions or trade restrictions, or any
other applicable economic sanctions or trade restrictions administered or
enforced by a Sanctions Authority; and (c) it is not located in, does not
operate in, and is not a national of a country that is subject to an embargo
administered or enforced by a Sanctions Authority or that has been designated
by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country. Customer agrees
(a) not to access or use any of the Services in violation of any U.S. export
embargo, prohibition or restriction, or any other applicable trade
restrictions and (b) that it will not submit to any of the Services any
information controlled under the U.S. International Traffic in Arms
Regulations.

17.13. _Open Source_. The Software may incorporate third-party open source
software (“ **OSS** ”), as listed in the Documentation or by Miro upon
request. To the extent required by the OSS license, that license will apply to
the OSS on a stand-alone basis instead of this Agreement. Customer’s internal
use of the unmodified Software as authorized in this Agreement will not
require Customer to comply with the terms of the OSS licenses.

17.14. _Insurance_ **.** During the Subscription Term, Miro will carry
industry standard insurance, (e.g. General Commercial Liability, Errors and
Omissions (including Cyber), Worker’s Compensation), appropriate for the
Services provided hereunder.

17.15. _Government End-Users_. This section is applicable to U.S. government
Users only. Elements of the Services are commercial computer software. If the
User or licensee of the Services is an agency, department, or other entity of
the United States Government, the use, duplication, reproduction, release,
modification, disclosure, or transfer of any of the Services or any related
documentation of any kind, including technical data and manuals, is restricted
by the terms of this Agreement in accordance with Federal Acquisition
Regulation 12.212 for civilian purposes and Defense Federal Acquisition
Regulation Supplement 227.7202 for military purposes. The SaaS Service was
developed fully at private expense. All other use is prohibited.

###  **18\. Definitions**.

“ **Affiliate** ” means an entity that, directly or indirectly, owns or
controls, is owned or controlled by, or is under common ownership or control
with a party, where “ownership” means the beneficial ownership of fifty
percent (50%) or more of an entity’s voting equity securities or other
equivalent voting interests and “control” means the power to direct the
management or affairs of an entity.

**" Agreement"** means this MCA together with all Orders, exhibits, Policies,
and the DPA.

“ **Board** ” means an online workspace or other element of the SaaS Service
displaying Customer Content.

“ **Customer Content** ” means any data, content, or materials that Customer
(including its Users) submits to or creates within the SaaS Services
(including through the use of any recording functionality provided as part of
the SaaS Service) including from Third-Party Platforms.

“ **Customer Materials** ” means materials, systems, and other resources that
Customer provides to Miro in connection with Technical Services.

“ **DPA** ” means the Data Processing Addendum between the parties, the
current version of which is at <https://miro.com/legal/customer-data-
processing-addendum/>.

“ **Documentation** ” means Miro’s usage guidelines and standard technical
documentation for the Service, the current version of which is at
<https://help.miro.com/hc>.

“ **High-Risk Activities** ” means activities where use or failure of the
Services could lead to death, personal injury, or environmental damage,
including life support systems, emergency services, nuclear facilities,
autonomous vehicles, or air traffic control.

“ **Laws** ” means all local, state, federal and international laws,
regulations, and conventions, including those related to data privacy and data
transfer, international communications, and export of technical or personal
data applicable to Miro and Customer in their respective use and provision of
the Services.

“ **Order** ” means an order for access to and/or provision of Services that
references this MCA, that is executed by the Customer and accepted by Miro.

“ **Policies** ” means the Privacy Policy, Security Policy, Support Policy,
and SLA.

“ **Privacy Policy** ” means the Privacy Policy, the current version of which
is at <https://miro.com/legal/privacy-policy/>

“ **Prohibited Data** ” means any (a) special categories of data enumerated in
European Union Regulation 2016/679, Article 9(1) or any successor legislation,
(b) patient, medical or other protected health information regulated by the
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (as amended and
supplemented) (“ **HIPAA** ”), (c) credit, debit or other payment card data
subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS), (d)
other information subject to privacy regulation or protection under specific
Laws such as the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act or related rules or
regulations, I social security numbers, driver’s license numbers or other
government ID numbers or (f) any medical data, financial data, data about
minors, or other sensitive personal data protected under Laws.

 **“Reseller”** means a third party that (i) has a valid agreement with Miro
governing its provision of reseller services (including without limitation
billing agent services) to Miro and (ii) has been authorized by Miro to resell
(or act as billing agent with regard to) the Services.

 **“SaaS Service”** means Miro’s proprietary cloud service, as identified in
the relevant Order and as modified from time to time by Miro. The SaaS Service
includes the Software and Documentation but does not include any Technical
Services deliverables or Third-Party Platforms“

**" Sanctions Authority" **means the United States, United Kingdom, and
European Union and their respective governmental, judicial, or regulatory
institutions, agencies, departments, and authorities.

 **" Security Policy**” means the Miro Security Policy, the current version of
which is available at <https://miro.com/legal/documents/Miro-Security-
Policy.pdf>

“ **Services** ” means the SaaS Services, the Technical Services, and any
other services Miro may provide to Customer under this Agreement.

“ **SLA** ” means the Miro Service Level Agreement, the current version of
which is at <https://miro.com/legal/documents/Miro-Service-Level-
Agreement.pdf>.

“ **Software** ” means any Miro client software, scripts, apps, or other code
provided to Customer by Miro for use with the Service.

“ **Subscription Term** ” means the term for Customer’s use of the SaaS
Service as identified in an Order.

“ **Support** ” means support for the SaaS Service provided to Customer as
described in the Support Policy. Customer will receive support at no
additional cost. If Customer elects to purchase enhanced or premium support,
this will be identified in the applicable Order.

“ **Support Policy** ” means the Miro Support Policy, the current version of
which is at <https://miro.com/legal/documents/Miro-Support-Policy.pdf>

“ **Technical Services** ” means any training, enablement or other technical
services provided by Miro related to the SaaS Service, as identified in an
Order.

“ **Third-Party Platform** ” means any platform, add-on, service, product,
app, or integration not provided by Miro that Customer elects to integrate or
enable for use with the Services.

“ **Usage Data** ” means data relating to Customer’s use and consumption of
the Services including Miro’s technical logs, data, and learnings about
Customer’s use of the Services, but excluding Customer Content.

“ **User** ” means any individual aged 16 or older who Customer permits or
invites to access and use the SaaS Service as further described in the
Documentation, which may include Customer’s and its Affiliates’ employees,
consultants, contractors or other third parties.

