#  Atlassian Sub-processors

_Effective Starting September 30, 2024_

###  Third-Party Sub-processors

Atlassian uses the third party entities below (each, a “sub-processor”) to
process personal data on behalf of Atlassian customers and in accordance with
contract terms between Atlassian and the sub-processor to uphold Atlassian’s
commitments in [Atlassian's Data Processing Addendum](/legal/data-processing-
addendum), or for Forge,[ Atlassian’s Forge Data Processing
Addendum](https://developer.atlassian.com/platform/forge/resources/Forge-Data-
Processing-Addendum.pdf).

Atlassian carries out annual compliance reviews of its sub-processors, and
where the engagement of a sub-processor requires the cross-border transfer of
personal data, Atlassian conducts Transfer Impact Assessments in accordance
with applicable data protection law for these data transfers. Atlassian
imposes obligations on its sub-processors to implement appropriate technical
and organizational measures ensuring that the sub-processing of personal data
is protected to the standards required by applicable data protection laws.

This list below contains sub-processors for Atlassian’s generally available
services. If a Beta or EAP service uses a new sub-processor, Atlassian may use
an alternative notification mechanism. For each sub-processor below,
processing of personal data will be for the duration of use of the applicable
service(s) by the customer, and for the retention periods as set out in the
customer’s agreement with Atlassian and any product documentation. Further
information relating to sub-processor security measures can be found via the
external links below. Please note that if you use Atlassian data residency,
pinned data remains in your specified location as described on this
[page.](https://support.atlassian.com/security-and-access-
policies/docs/understand-data-residency/)  
  
[Sign up for
emails](https://privacy.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/1/group/1/create/39)
to be notified when we add new Atlassian sub-processors.

###  Sub-processor

|

####  Applicable Cloud Products

|

####  Nature and Purpose of Processing

|

####  Categories of personal data

|

####  Location of Processing

|

####  Security Measures  
  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
  
Amazon Web Services, Inc.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

All Atlassian Cloud Products

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Cloud hosting provider

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text or files created
by customer and stored in Applicable Cloud Products

|

Location of Processing

EEA (Sweden, Ireland and Germany), UK, Canada, Australia, Brazil, Singapore,
South Korea, USA, India, Japan

|

Security Measures

[ AWS Compliance Programs  ](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/programs/)  
  
Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS Bedrock)

|

Applicable Cloud Products

All Applicable Cloud Products with Atlassian Intelligence or Rovo

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Generative AI services provider for intelligence product features

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text or files created
by customer and stored in Applicable Cloud Products

|

Location of Processing

USA

|

Security Measures

[ AWS Compliance Programs  ](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/programs/)  
  
Cloudflare, Ltd.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Jira Align

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Content delivery network provider

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text or files created
by customer and stored in Applicable Cloud Products

|

Location of Processing

Customer traffic is processed globally at the [data
center](https://www.cloudflare.com/network/) closest to the end user.

|

Security Measures

[ Certifications and Compliance Resources  ](https://www.cloudflare.com/trust-
hub/compliance-resources/)  
  
Clumio, Inc.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

All Atlassian Cloud Products excluding Loom

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Backup solutions provider for Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3)

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text or files created
by customer and stored in Applicable Cloud Products

|

Location of Processing

EEA, UK, Australia, USA, and Singapore

|

Security Measures

[ Clumio Legal  ](https://clumio.com/legal)  
  
Databricks, Inc.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Beacon, Bitbucket, Compass, Confluence, Forge, Jira Cloud Products (excluding
Jira Align), Statuspage, and all Applicable Cloud Products with Atlassian
Intelligence, Loom AI, or Rovo

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Infrastructure provider to enable customer data querying, and analytics
product features,For Cloud Products with Atlassian Intelligence, Loom AI, or
Rovo: Infrastructure provider to train Machine Learning models

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text or files created
by customer and stored in Applicable Cloud Products

|

Location of Processing

USA

|

Security Measures

[ Security & Trust Center  ](https://www.databricks.com/trust)  
  
e-Core Soluções em Tecnologia da Informaçi upão Ltda.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

All Atlassian Cloud Products excluding Loom

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Customer service, support, and cloud migration service provider

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text or files created
by customer and stored in Applicable Cloud Products

|

Location of Processing

Brazil, Mexico

|

Security Measures

Access only through Atlassian managed VPN, VDI, and MDM for computing devices  
  
Google Vertex AI

|

Applicable Cloud Products

All Applicable Cloud Products with Atlassian Intelligence or Rovo

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Generative AI services provider for intelligence product features

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text or files created
by customer and stored in Applicable Cloud Products

|

Location of Processing

USA

|

Security Measures

[ Google Privacy Terms & Security Measures
](https://cloud.google.com/terms/data-processing-addendum)  
  
Intercom, Inc.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Rovo

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Cloud-based in-app support chat platform

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in Rovo Search query during in-app support
communications

|

Location of Processing

USA

|

Security Measures

[ Intercom Security ](https://www.intercom.com/help/en/articles/264-security-
at-intercom)  
  
K15t GmbH

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Confluence

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Engineering support and consulting services provider for databases feature
integration

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text and files created
by customer and stored in Applicable Cloud Products for databases integration
only

|

Location of Processing

Germany

|

Security Measures

Access only through Atlassian managed laptops and systems  
  
Mailchimp

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Loom

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Communications technology provider for product notifications and video sharing
over email

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in product notice communications and user-initiated
shared video recordings including associated comments and email messages

|

Location of Processing

USA

|

Security Measures

[ Mailchimp Security  ](https://mailchimp.com/about/security/)  
  
Mailgun Technologies, Inc.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Jira Cloud Products (excluding Jira Align), Opsgenie,Statuspage

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Communications technology provider for product notifications

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in product notice communications

|

Location of Processing

USA, EEA

|

Security Measures

[ Mailgun’s Commitment to Security and Compliance
](https://www.mailgun.com/security/)  
  
Message Systems, Inc. dba SparkPost

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Bitbucket, Compass, Confluence, Forge, Jira Cloud Products (excluding Jira
Align), Statuspage, Trello

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Communications technology provider for product notifications

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in product notice communications

|

Location of Processing

USA, EEA

|

Security Measures

[ MessageBird Security Overview  ](https://docs.bird.com/connectivity-
platform/data-governance-and-security/messagebird-security-overview)  
  
Microsoft Corporation

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Jira Align

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Cloud hosting provider

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text or files created
by customer and stored in Applicable Cloud Products

|

Location of Processing

USA, Australia, Netherlands

|

Security Measures

[ Microsoft Trust Center  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/trust-center)  
  
MongoDB, Inc.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Jira Cloud Products (excluding Jira Align)

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Cloud hosting provider for JSM Chat (formerly Halp)

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text or files created
by customer and stored in Applicable Cloud Products

|

Location of Processing

USA

|

Security Measures

[ MongoDB Atlas Trust Center
](https://www.mongodb.com/products/platform/trust)  
  
NetApp, Inc.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Bitbucket

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Cloud hosting provider

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text or files created
by customer and stored in Applicable Cloud Products

|

Location of Processing

USA

|

Security Measures

[ NetApp SaaS Backup
](https://us.saasbackup.netapp.com/resources/trustcenter)  
  
Nexmo, Inc.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Opsgenie

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Communications technology provider

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in text and voice communications

|

Location of Processing

USA, UK, Singapore

|

Security Measures

[ Security & Trust  ](https://www.vonage.com/security/)  
  
OneSignal

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Loom

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Communications technology provider for mobile product notifications and video
sharing

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in product notice communications and user-initiated
shared video recordings including associated comments and SMS/MMS messages

|

Location of Processing

USA

|

Security Measures

[ Data and Security Questions
](https://documentation.onesignal.com/docs/data-questions)  
  
OpenAI, L.L.C.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

All Applicable Cloud Products with Atlassian Intelligence, Loom AI, or Rovo

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Generative AI services provider for intelligence product features

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text or files created
by customer and stored in Applicable Cloud Products

|

Location of Processing

USA

|

Security Measures

[ Security & Trust  ](https://www.openai.com/security/)  
  
Partner Hero

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Loom

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Customer service and technical support

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text or files created
by customer and shared during Loom support communications

|

Location of Processing

Philippines, Romania, South Africa

|

Security Measures

[ Data Security & Privacy at PartnerHero
](https://www.partnerhero.com/security-center)  
  
Plivo, Inc.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Statuspage

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Communications technology provider for product notifications

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in product notice communications

|

Location of Processing

USA

|

Security Measures

[ Security for Cloud Communications  ](https://www.plivo.com/security/)  
  
Pubnub, Inc.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Bitbucket, Compass, Confluence,Forge, Jira Cloud Products (excluding Jira
Align), Opsgenie, Statuspage

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Communications technology provider for product notifications

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in product notice communications

|

Location of Processing

USA, EEA

|

Security Measures

[Trust Center ](https://www.pubnub.com/trust/)  
[ FAQ ](https://www.pubnub.com/trust/faq/)  
  
SoftServe, Inc.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Bitbucket, Compass, Confluence, Forge, Jira Cloud Products, Statuspage

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Customer service, outsourced engineering and technical support

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text or files created
by customer and stored in Applicable Cloud Products

|

Location of Processing

Bulgaria, Poland, United States

|

Security Measures

Access only through Atlassian managed laptops and systems  
  
Twilio, Inc.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Bitbucket, Compass, Confluence, Forge, Jira Cloud Products (excluding Jira
Align), Opsgenie, Statuspage, Trello

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Communications technology provider for product notifications

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in product notice communications

|

Location of Processing

USA, for support requests only: EEA and Singapore

|

Security Measures

[ Twilio Trust Center  ](https://www.twilio.com/en-us/trust-center)  
  
Twilio, Inc (Twilio-Segment)

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Loom

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Data analytics distribution service

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text or files created
by customer and stored in Applicable Cloud Products

|

Location of Processing

USA

|

Security Measures

[ Segment Trust Center ](https://segment.com/trust-center/)  
  
Zendesk

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Loom

|

Nature and Purpose of Processing

Customer service and technical support

|

Categories of personal data

Personal data contained in user account information and text or files created
by customer and shared during Loom support communications

|

Location of Processing

USA

|

Security Measures

[ Zendesk Trust Center  ](https://www.zendesk.com/trust-center/)  
  
###  Atlassian Group Sub-processors

The following Atlassian Group companies are sub-processors providing technical
and operational support. Atlassian employees may be located in any of the
countries listed [here](/company/careers/teamanywhere).

####  Entity

|

####  Applicable Cloud Products

|

####  Entity Country  
  
---|---|---  
  
Atlassian B.V.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Any Atlassian Cloud product

|

Entity Country

Netherlands  
  
Atlassian, Inc.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Any Atlassian Cloud product

|

Entity Country

USA  
  
Atlassian PTY, Ltd

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Statuspage, Compass, Forge, Atlassian Analytics,
Jira Product Discovery, Trello, Opsgenie, Jira Align

|

Entity Country

Australia  
  
Atlassian (UK) Operations Ltd.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Trello

|

Entity Country

England  
  
Dogwood Labs Inc.

|

Applicable Cloud Products

Statuspage

|

Entity Country

USA  
  
